Additional MV2 deprecation timeline step (#3916)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions/developer-guide/manifest-v3.md

|---|---|
| Jul. 2022 | Partner Center (and the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website) no longer accepts new Manifest V2 extensions.  To publish a new extension, use Manifest V3. |
| Aug. 2026 | At Partner Center, if your extension uses Manifest V2, a Manifest V2 deprecation warning is displayed. |

> | Mid Sept. 2026 | Deprecation warnings are displayed to some users, for extensions that continue to use Manifest V2, in the **Manage extensions** page of Microsoft Edge, and at the [Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com) website. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Mid-Sep. 2026 | Deprecation warnings are displayed to some users, for extensions that continue to use Manifest V2, in the **Manage extensions** page of Microsoft Edge, and at the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website. |
```
